{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 ### Zyres\par
- **Appearance:** Look fully human but can choose their appearance when they turn 18. \par
- **Physical Traits:** Stronger, faster, and more durable than vampires. Their speed is near-instantaneous. \par
- **Diet:** Eat normal human food, no need for life energy or blood.\par
- **Evolution:** Zyres can ascend through spiritual realms, unlocking new abilities:\par
  1. **Aetherium Zyres** \f1\endash  Gain control over sight and energy absorption.\par
  2. **Elythos Zyres** \endash  Manipulate spiritual energy around them.\par
  3. **Nyxus Zyres** \endash  Mastery over shadows and dimensions, allowing them to shift between realms.\par
  4. **Umbralis Zyres** \endash  Almost god-like in power.\par
- **Weakness:** Vulnerable to **Aether Disruptors** but not silver or celestial-infused materials.\par
- **Enemies:** Strongest enemies are **Wair Cats**.\par
- **Society:** Many Zyres live among humans worldwide, especially in cities.\par
\par
### Wair Cats\par
- **Appearance:**\par
  - In human form, they appear normal.\par
  - In beast form, they fully transform into large wild cats (lions, tigers, leopards, panthers, etc.).\par
  - Their eyes retain a unique glow based on their rank.\par
- **Transformation:**\par
  - Instantaneous shifting with no pain.\par
  - Higher-ranked Wair Cats can partially transform (e.g., claws, fangs).\par
- **Physical Traits:**\par
  - Stronger than vampires but slower than Zyres.\par
  - Silent, precise hunters with telepathic communication in beast form.\par
  - Highly territorial and pack-oriented.\par
- **Evolution (Ranks & Upgrades):**\par
  1. **Feral Wair** \endash  Can only shift into one cat form.\par
  2. **Preda Wair** \endash  Can shift into two different big cat forms.\par
  3. **Elder Wair** \endash  Commanders with multiple feline forms, glowing golden eyes.\par
  4. **Primor Wair** \endash  "Alpha" Wair Cats, capable of shifting into any feline species with enhanced regeneration and dominance.\par
- **Weaknesses:**\par
  - Silver slows them but doesn\rquote t kill them.\par
  - Weakened on moonless nights.\par
  - Fear fire and avoid it at all costs.\par
  - Aether Disruptors can prevent them from shifting.\par
- **Society & Hierarchy:**\par
  - Live in **clans** led by **Primor Wair**, with **Elders** as second-in-command.\par
  - Highly territorial; crossing into another clan\rquote s land can trigger war.\par
  - Some live in the wild, others blend into human society.\par
- **Relationships:**\par
  - **Zyres:** Greatest rivals, long history of war.\par
  - **Vampires:** Neutral\emdash distrustful but not hostile.\par
  - **Humans:** Some Wair Cats see them as weak, others manipulate them.\par
\par
### Werewolves\par
- **Enemies with vampires**, neutral with Zyres.\par
- **Allied with Wair Cats**, as they share some similarities.\par
- **Healing Ability:** Can heal from all injuries, but fatal wounds take longer to regenerate.\par
- **Rank Progression:** Sentinels can ascend to Alpha status over time.\par
- **Primordial Wolf:** A unique being\emdash possibly an ancient legendary figure, a hidden bloodline as a rare mutation among werewolves, and a powerful transformation that an Alpha can ascend to.\par
- **Fur Variations:** Werewolves come in different species based on fur color, including **white, black, brown, red**, and other unique colors, with each color having special traits.\par
\par
### Vampires\par
- **Appearance:** Look fully human until they turn.\par
- **Blood Lords:** The most powerful vampires, similar to Supremo in *La Luna Sangre*.\par
- **Mindset:** View humans as food, leading to their natural conflict with werewolves.\par
\par
### Zyres & Wair Cats Abilities\par
- **Mind-Link:** Both species have a mental connection, allowing them to communicate telepathically within their kind.\par
\par
### Velmont - The City\par
- **Type:** A massive, inland cyberpunk metropolis with a warm climate.\par
- **Population:** Millions of people, heavily urbanized.\par
- **Technology & Aesthetics:** Highly modern, with neon lights, skyscrapers, and advanced technology blending with everyday life.\par
- **Supernatural Awareness:** Only about 2 in 100 humans know about the existence of supernatural creatures, though they live among them.\par
- **Balance:** The city thrives with a delicate coexistence of normal life and hidden supernatural elements, but conflicts still arise in the shadows.\par
\f0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
**Zyres, Wair Cats, and Werewolves Overview**\par
\par
---\par
\par
## **Zyres** \f2\u-10180?\u-8448?\u-10179?\u-8923?\f0\par
\par
### **Core Identity**\par
- **Appearance:** Zyres look fully human but can choose their appearance when they turn 18.\par
- **Physical Traits:** Stronger, faster, and more durable than vampires. Their speed is near-instantaneous.\par
- **Diet:** They eat normal human food and do not feed on life energy or blood.\par
- **Society:** Many Zyres still live among humans all over the world, particularly in cities.\par
\par
### **Evolution Tiers**\par
Zyres evolve through spiritual realms, unlocking new abilities:\par
1. **Aetherium Zyres** \f1\endash  Gain control over their sight and energy absorption.\par
2. **Elythos Zyres** \endash  Can manipulate spiritual energy in their surroundings.\par
3. **Nyxus Zyres** \endash  Mastery over shadows and dimensions, allowing them to shift between realms.\par
4. **Umbralis Zyres** \endash  The final form, making them almost god-like in power.\par
\par
### **Weakness**\par
- Vulnerable to **Aether Disruptors**, which can weaken or incapacitate them.\par
\par
### **Enemies & Allies**\par
- **Enemies:** Their strongest enemies are **Wair Cats**, who rival them in battle.\par
- **Neutral:** They have no specific alliance or hostility with werewolves.\par
\par
---\par
\par
## **Wair Cats** \f2\u-10179?\u-9210?\f3\u9889?\f0\par
\par
### **Core Identity**\par
- **Appearance:**\par
  - In human form, they appear normal.\par
  - In beast form, they fully transform into large wild cats (lions, tigers, leopards, panthers, etc.).\par
  - Their eyes glow based on their rank.\par
\par
- **Transformation:**\par
  - Instantaneous shifting with no pain.\par
  - Higher-ranked Wair Cats can partially transform (e.g., claws, fangs).\par
\par
- **Physical Traits:**\par
  - Stronger than vampires but slower than Zyres.\par
  - Silent, precise hunters with telepathic communication in beast form.\par
  - Highly territorial and pack-oriented.\par
\par
### **Evolution (Ranks & Upgrades)**\par
1. **Feral Wair** \f1\endash  Can only shift into one cat form.\par
2. **Preda Wair** \endash  Can shift into two different big cat forms.\par
3. **Elder Wair** \endash  Commanders with multiple feline forms, glowing golden eyes.\par
4. **Primor Wair** \endash  "Alpha" Wair Cats, capable of shifting into any feline species with enhanced regeneration and dominance.\par
\par
### **Weaknesses**\par
- **Silver slows them** but doesn\rquote t kill them.\par
- **Weakened on moonless nights.**\par
- **Fear fire** and avoid it at all costs.\par
- **Aether Disruptors** can prevent them from shifting.\par
\par
### **Society & Hierarchy**\par
- Live in **clans** led by **Primor Wair**, with **Elders** as second-in-command.\par
- Highly territorial; crossing into another clan\rquote s land can trigger war.\par
- Some live in the wild, others blend into human society.\par
\par
### **Relationships**\par
- **Zyres:** Greatest rivals, long history of war.\par
- **Vampires:** Neutral\emdash distrustful but not hostile.\par
- **Humans:** Some Wair Cats see them as weak, others manipulate them.\par
\par
---\par
\par
## **Werewolves** \f2\u-10179?\u-9158?\u-10179?\u-8923?\f0\par
\par
### **Core Identity**\par
- **Appearance:**\par
  - In human form, they look completely normal.\par
  - In wolf form, they fully transform into **large, powerful wolves**.\par
  - Their eyes glow based on their rank and emotional state.\par
\par
- **Transformation:**\par
  - **Fast and painless**, unlike traditional werewolves.\par
  - Can shift at will, even during the day\f1\emdash **not bound to the full moon**.\par
  - Higher-ranked werewolves can control their transformation better and even partially shift (claws, fangs, heightened senses).\par
\par
- **Physical Traits:**\par
  - Stronger than humans and vampires but **not as fast as Zyres**.\par
  - **Superb hunters**\emdash sharp instincts and heightened senses.\par
  - **Pack-oriented**\emdash they rely on unity and teamwork.\par
  - **Strong regenerative abilities**\emdash can heal from all injuries, but fatal wounds take longer to regenerate.\par
\par
### **Hierarchy & Ranks**\par
1. **Omega Wolves** \endash  The lowest rank, often young or weaker werewolves.\par
2. **Sentinels** \endash  Warriors who defend the pack. Strong fighters but lack leadership. Sentinels can ascend to Alpha status over time.\par
3. **Beta Wolves** \endash  Second-in-command to the Alpha, responsible for discipline and training.\par
4. **Alpha Wolves** \endash  The pack leaders. They are the strongest, most intelligent, and have the best control over their abilities.\par
5. **Primordial Wolf** \endash  A legendary, possibly mythical, werewolf of unparalleled strength. It is:\par
   - A **unique being**\emdash possibly an ancient legendary figure.\par
   - A **hidden bloodline**\emdash a rare mutation among werewolves.\par
   - A **powerful transformation** that an Alpha can ascend to.\par
\par
### **Fur Species & Their Traits**\par
1. **White Wolves** \f2\u-10179?\u-9158?\f4\u10052?\u-497?\f1  \endash  Spiritually attuned, heightened intuition, and strongest connection to the moon.\par
2. **Black Wolves** \f2\u-10179?\u-9158?\f3\u9899?\f1  \endash  Strongest physically, superior endurance, and best at hand-to-hand combat.\par
3. **Brown Wolves** \f2\u-10179?\u-9158?\u-10180?\u-8398?\f1  \endash  Most balanced, excellent trackers, and resilient against wounds.\par
4. **Red Wolves** \f2\u-10179?\u-9158?\u-10179?\u-8923?\f1  \endash  Most aggressive, best hunters, and highest combat instincts.\par
5. **Other Rare Colors:**\par
   - **Silver Wolves** \endash  Mystical abilities, possible connection to the Primordial Wolf.\par
   - **Blue Wolves** \endash  Enhanced speed, nearly as fast as Zyres.\par
   - **Golden Wolves** \endash  Rare Alphas, radiate an aura that strengthens other wolves.\par
\par
### **Weaknesses**\par
- **Silver can wound them**, but it doesn\rquote t instantly kill them.\par
- **Decapitation is the surest way to kill them.**\par
- **Aether Disruptors weaken their senses**, making them easier to track and hunt.\par
\par
### **Relationships with Other Supernatural Beings**\par
- **Vampires:** **Sworn enemies**\emdash they have an ancient blood feud.\par
- **Zyres:** **Neutral**\emdash they don't actively seek war with them, but conflicts can happen.\par
- **Wair Cats:** **Allied**\emdash they have a mutual understanding and often fight together.\par
\par
---\par
\par
## **Mind-Link Ability** \f2\u-10179?\u-8923?\u-10179?\u-9043?\f0\par
Both **Zyres and Wair Cats have a mind-link**, allowing them to communicate telepathically within their species.\par
\par
---\par
\par
### **Final Notes**\par
This document contains all the core aspects of Zyres, Wair Cats, and Werewolves in your book. If you want to refine any details or add more elements, let me know! \f2\u-10179?\u-8923?\u-10179?\u-9002?\f0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
**### Zyres**\par
\par
#### **Physical Traits**\par
- **Appearance:** Zyres look fully human but can choose their appearance upon turning 18.\par
- **Strength & Speed:** They are **stronger, faster, and more durable than vampires**. Their speed is **near-instantaneous**.\par
- **Senses:** Possess a **superior sense of smell, hearing, and sight**, including the ability to **see through walls**.\par
- **Diet:** Unlike vampires, they do **not** feed on blood or life energy. They consume **normal human food**.\par
\par
#### **Evolution (Spiritual Realms)**\par
Zyres can evolve through different spiritual realms, unlocking new abilities:\par
\par
1. **Aetherium Zyres** \f1\endash  The first stage of awakening, granting control over **sight and energy absorption**.\par
2. **Elythos Zyres** \endash  Gains the ability to **manipulate the spiritual energy** of their surroundings.\par
3. **Nyxus Zyres** \endash  Mastery over **shadows and dimensions**, allowing them to **shift between realms**.\par
4. **Umbralis Zyres** \endash  The final form, making them **almost god-like in power**.\par
\par
#### **Weakness**\par
- **Aether Disruptors** \endash  Devices or weapons that can weaken or nullify their supernatural abilities.\par
\par
#### **Enemies**\par
- Their strongest enemies are the **Wair Cats**, who have a long history of rivalry with Zyres.\par
\par
#### **Society**\par
- Zyres live among humans, much like vampires, but they are **more concentrated in cities**.\par
\par
---\par
\par
**### Wair Cats**\par
\par
#### **Physical Traits**\par
- **Appearance:** They appear fully human until transformation.\par
- **Beast Form:** They **fully transform into large wild cats** (lions, tigers, leopards, panthers, etc.).\par
- **Eyes:** Their eyes glow uniquely based on rank.\par
\par
#### **Transformation & Abilities**\par
- **Instantaneous Shifting** \endash  They can transform without pain.\par
- **Partial Shifting** \endash  Higher-ranked Wair Cats can transform specific body parts (e.g., claws, fangs).\par
- **Silent Hunters** \endash  They move **stealthily**, making them exceptional hunters.\par
- **Telepathic Communication** \endash  Can communicate **mind-to-mind in beast form**.\par
\par
#### **Evolution (Ranks & Upgrades)**\par
1. **Feral Wair** \endash  Can shift into **one** big cat form.\par
2. **Preda Wair** \endash  Can shift into **two** different big cat forms.\par
3. **Elder Wair** \endash  Commanders who can shift into **multiple** feline forms (**golden glowing eyes**).\par
4. **Primor Wair** \endash  "Alpha" Wair Cats capable of shifting into **any feline species** with enhanced regeneration and dominance.\par
\par
#### **Weaknesses**\par
- **Silver** slows them but does **not** kill them.\par
- **Weakened on moonless nights**.\par
- **Fear of Fire** \endash  They instinctively avoid fire.\par
- **Aether Disruptors** can **prevent them from shifting**.\par
\par
#### **Society & Hierarchy**\par
- **Clans** led by a **Primor Wair**, with **Elder Wairs** as second-in-command.\par
- **Highly territorial** \endash  Crossing into another clan\rquote s land can trigger war.\par
- Some Wair Cats live in the wild, while others blend into human society.\par
\par
#### **Relations with Other Species**\par
- **Zyres** \endash  Greatest rivals due to ancient conflicts.\par
- **Vampires** \endash  Neutral; mutual distrust but no open war.\par
- **Humans** \endash  Some manipulate humans, while others avoid them.\par
\par
---\par
\par
**### Werewolves**\par
\par
#### **Physical Traits**\par
- **Human Form:** They appear fully human until transformation.\par
- **Beast Form:** Large, powerful wolf-like beings.\par
- **Strength & Healing:** Stronger than humans, and **heal from all injuries**, though fatal wounds take longer.\par
\par
#### **Transformation & Abilities**\par
- **Sentinels Can Become Alphas** \endash  With time, a sentinel can **ascend to Alpha status**.\par
- **Primordial Wolf** \endash  A rare, legendary form **only a true Alpha can ascend to**.\par
- **Fur-Based Species:**\par
  - **White Werewolves** \endash  Possibly linked to wisdom or rare mutations.\par
  - **Black Werewolves** \endash  Often the strongest fighters.\par
  - **Brown Werewolves** \endash  Balanced in strength and speed.\par
  - **Red & Other Colors** \endash  Unique attributes depending on the individual.\par
\par
#### **Weaknesses**\par
- **Vulnerable to Vampire Venom** \endash  A vampire bite **turns them into savage monsters**, stripping away their sanity.\par
\par
#### **Relations with Other Species**\par
- **Enemies of Vampires** \endash  Their biggest rivals due to past wars.\par
- **Neutral with Zyres** \endash  They respect Zyres but keep their distance.\par
- **Allied with Wair Cats** \endash  They share similarities and often cooperate.\par
\par
---\par
\par
**### Vampires**\par
\par
#### **Physical Traits**\par
- **Human Appearance:** Look normal until transformation.\par
- **Transformation:**\par
  - **Eyes:** Shift to **deep red or black** when feeding or using abilities.\par
  - **Fangs & Claws:** Retractable, appearing when needed.\par
  - **Veins:** Darken around the eyes when extremely hungry or enraged.\par
- **Strength & Speed:** Faster and stronger than humans but **slower than Zyres and less durable than Wair Cats**.\par
- **Senses:** Enhanced **hearing, smell, and night vision**.\par
\par
#### **Abilities & Powers**\par
- **Blood Affinity** \endash  The quality of blood they consume **influences their power**.\par
- **Shadow Veil** \endash  Can blend into darkness for brief invisibility.\par
- **Hypnotic Gaze** \endash  Can control weaker minds with direct eye contact.\par
- **Venomous Bite** \endash  Turns werewolves into **mindless, savage monsters**. Only **Bloodlords** can control them.\par
\par
#### **Weaknesses**\par
- **Sunlight Sensitivity** \endash  Does not kill instantly but severely weakens them. **Older vampires have resistance**.\par
- **Silver** \endash  Burns and weakens them but **not instantly fatal**.\par
- **Heart Destruction** \endash  **The only true way to kill a vampire**.\par
- **Aether Disruptors** \endash  Nullify supernatural abilities.\par
\par
#### **Hierarchy & Society**\par
1. **Neophytes** \endash  Newly turned vampires.\par
2. **Elders** \endash  Centuries-old, more powerful vampires.\par
3. **Bloodlords (Supremo-Level)** \endash  Ancient vampires with **god-like power**, ruling entire clans. **Only Bloodlords can control infected werewolves.**\par
\par
#### **Relations with Other Species**\par
- **Enemies of Werewolves** \endash  They use their venom to corrupt and control them.\par
- **Neutral with Zyres** \endash  They avoid direct conflict.\par
- **Distant from Wair Cats** \endash  No alliances, but no war either.\par
- **Humans as Prey & Puppets** \endash  Vampires **control society from the shadows** through wealth and power.\par
\par
---\par
\par
### **Shared Ability: Mind-Link**\par
- Zyres and Wair Cats **can communicate telepathically** within their own species.\par
\par
---\par
\par
This is the complete document with all the information we've built so far. Let me know if you want to add or change anything before we move on to **choosing the protagonist\rquote s city**! \f2\u-10179?\u-8923?\par
\par
\f0 Witches\par
\par
Abilities: Sorcery, time travel (forward and backward), and future sight.\par
\par
Ranks & Upgrades:\par
\par
Novice Witch \f1\endash  Basic spellcasting, minor telekinesis, and simple healing.\par
\par
Adept Witch \endash  Can manipulate elements (fire, water, air, earth), basic potion-making, and limited foresight.\par
\par
Enlightened Witch \endash  Stronger elemental control, can influence minds, and short-term time glimpses (seeing a few seconds into the future).\par
\par
Oracle Witch \endash  Can see the future clearly, cast time-lock spells, and teleport within short distances.\par
\par
Elder Witch \endash  Can send others forward or backward in time, manipulate fate slightly, and resurrect people within limits.\par
\par
Primor Witch \endash  The most powerful, capable of rewriting reality, warping space-time, and holding divine-level knowledge.\par
\par
Personality:\par
\par
Novice & Adept Witches \endash  Curious, eager to learn, but often reckless.\par
\par
Enlightened Witches \endash  Cunning and secretive, balancing their abilities with wisdom.\par
\par
Oracle Witches \endash  Mysterious and patient, always planning ahead.\par
\par
Elder Witches \endash  Powerful yet distant, acting as guides or manipulators.\par
\par
Primor Witches \endash  Almost god-like in knowledge, often detached from mortal concerns.\f0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
### Zyres\par
- **Appearance:** Look fully human but can choose their appearance when they turn 18. \par
- **Physical Traits:** Stronger, faster, and more durable than vampires. Their speed is near-instantaneous. \par
- **Diet:** Eat normal human food, no need for life energy or blood.\par
- **Evolution:** Zyres can ascend through spiritual realms, unlocking new abilities:\par
  1. **Aetherium Zyres** \f1\endash  Gain control over sight and energy absorption.\par
  2. **Elythos Zyres** \endash  Manipulate spiritual energy around them.\par
  3. **Nyxus Zyres** \endash  Mastery over shadows and dimensions, allowing them to shift between realms.\par
  4. **Umbralis Zyres** \endash  Almost god-like in power.\par
- **Weakness:** Vulnerable to **Aether Disruptors** but not silver or celestial-infused materials.\par
- **Enemies:** Strongest enemies are **Wair Cats**.\par
- **Society:** Many Zyres live among humans worldwide, especially in cities.\par
- **Personality:** Zyres are known for their intense self-discipline, intelligence, and adaptability. They can be highly strategic, often preferring to assess a situation before acting. While some are noble protectors, others can be ruthless when necessary.\par
\par
### Wair Cats\par
- **Appearance:**\par
  - In human form, they appear normal.\par
  - In beast form, they fully transform into large wild cats (lions, tigers, leopards, panthers, etc.).\par
  - Their eyes retain a unique glow based on their rank.\par
- **Transformation:**\par
  - Instantaneous shifting with no pain.\par
  - Higher-ranked Wair Cats can partially transform (e.g., claws, fangs).\par
- **Physical Traits:**\par
  - Stronger than vampires but slower than Zyres.\par
  - Silent, precise hunters with telepathic communication in beast form.\par
  - Highly territorial and pack-oriented.\par
- **Evolution (Ranks & Upgrades):**\par
  1. **Feral Wair** \endash  Can only shift into one cat form.\par
  2. **Preda Wair** \endash  Can shift into two different big cat forms.\par
  3. **Elder Wair** \endash  Commanders with multiple feline forms, glowing golden eyes.\par
  4. **Primor Wair** \endash  "Alpha" Wair Cats, capable of shifting into any feline species with enhanced regeneration and dominance.\par
- **Weaknesses:**\par
  - Silver slows them but doesn\rquote t kill them.\par
  - Weakened on moonless nights.\par
  - Fear fire and avoid it at all costs.\par
  - Aether Disruptors can prevent them from shifting.\par
- **Society & Hierarchy:**\par
  - Live in **clans** led by **Primor Wair**, with **Elders** as second-in-command.\par
  - Highly territorial; crossing into another clan\rquote s land can trigger war.\par
  - Some live in the wild, others blend into human society.\par
- **Relationships:**\par
  - **Zyres:** Greatest rivals, long history of war.\par
  - **Vampires:** Neutral\emdash distrustful but not hostile.\par
  - **Humans:** Some Wair Cats see them as weak, others manipulate them.\par
- **Personality:** Fiercely loyal to their clan, Wair Cats are cunning, strategic, and prideful. They value strength and honor but are known to be ruthless when defending their territory or loved ones.\par
\par
### Werewolves\par
- **Enemies with vampires**, neutral with Zyres.\par
- **Allied with Wair Cats**, as they share some similarities.\par
- **Healing Ability:** Can heal from all injuries, but fatal wounds take longer to regenerate.\par
- **Rank Progression:** Sentinels can ascend to Alpha status over time.\par
- **Primordial Wolf:** A unique being\emdash possibly an ancient legendary figure, a hidden bloodline as a rare mutation among werewolves, and a powerful transformation that an Alpha can ascend to.\par
- **Fur Variations:** Werewolves come in different species based on fur color, including **white, black, brown, red**, and other unique colors, with each color having special traits.\par
- **Transformations:** Can turn humans into savage monsters when they bite and infect them with their venom.\par
- **Personality:** Werewolves are highly protective of their packs, driven by deep instincts and an unbreakable bond with their kin. They are passionate, headstrong, and at times unpredictable.\par
\par
### Vampires\par
- **Appearance:** Look fully human until they turn.\par
- **Blood Lords:** The most powerful vampires, similar to Supremo in *La Luna Sangre*.\par
- **Mindset:** View humans as food, leading to their natural conflict with werewolves.\par
- **Personality:** Vampires are calculating, charming, and highly manipulative. They use intelligence and seduction as weapons, often preferring psychological battles over direct confrontation.\par
\par
### Witches\par
- **Appearance:** Can look completely human but often have an aura of mystery. Some have glowing tattoos or magical symbols embedded in their skin.\par
- **Abilities:** Sorcery, time travel (forward and backward), and future sight.\par
- **Levels & Upgrades:**\par
  1. **Adept Witch** \endash  Basic mastery over simple spells and rituals.\par
  2. **Arcane Witch** \endash  Ability to influence minds and create complex illusions.\par
  3. **Eldritch Witch** \endash  Can manipulate time and foresee the future in glimpses.\par
  4. **Sorceress Supreme** \endash  The pinnacle of their kind, capable of rewriting reality itself.\par
- **Personality:** Witches are often wise, enigmatic, and independent. They rarely take sides in conflicts unless necessary, acting as keepers of balance. Some are benevolent guides, while others prefer to wield power for their own goals.\par
\par
### Zyres & Wair Cats Abilities\par
- **Mind-Link:** Both species have a mental connection, allowing them to communicate telepathically within their kind.\par
\par
### Velmont - The City\par
- **Type:** A massive, inland cyberpunk metropolis with a warm climate.\par
- **Population:** Millions of people, heavily urbanized.\par
- **Technology & Aesthetics:** Highly modern, with neon lights, skyscrapers, and advanced technology blending with everyday life.\par
- **Supernatural Awareness:** Only about 2 in 100 humans know about the existence of supernatural creatures, though they live among them.\par
- **Balance:** The city thrives with a delicate coexistence of normal life and hidden supernatural elements, but conflicts still arise in the shadows.\f0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
The Origin - As Told in Ancient Records\par
\par
"In the age before men ruled the world, there was a being of power and grace, neither beast nor man but something in between. A centaur, ancient as the land itself, gave birth to five children. Four sons, each bearing a mark of the untamed wild, and one daughter, gifted with wisdom beyond time. These four sons became the ancestors of the Zyres, the Wair Cats, the Werewolves, and the Vampires. Their sister, the only daughter, wielded powers of creation and destruction, blending sorcery with forbidden knowledge. With her hands, she molded the very essence of their immortality, binding them to the shadows, the moon, the blood, and the spirit. What she created could not be undone. They spread across the lands, their existence lost to time\f1\emdash until now."\par
\par
The Legend - As Told in the Protagonist's Family\par
\par
"Long ago, before we had cities, before humans knew fire, there were five\emdash the children of the great ancestor. Four of them carried the power of the wild, each different, each strong. But it was their sister who made them into what they are now. She was a sorceress, a scientist before science had a name, a creator of life and death. She gave them immortality, but with it, a curse. And so, they became what we know: creatures of night, beasts of the hunt, warriors of the unseen world. Few remember this tale, and even fewer believe it. But we know, because the truth runs in our blood."\par
\f0\par
}
 